add polynomial-decay-helpers (#16)
climate-resource/gradient-aware-harmonisation: changelog/16.feature.md

> + include support for polynomial-decay (besides cosine-decay)
> + we added three new classes/functions to the API in the module `convergence`
>   + `PolynomialDecaySplineHelper`
>   + `PolynomialDecaySplineHelperDerivative`
>   + `get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline`
> + whereby the function `get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline` is mainly meant as user-interface
>   This function can be used as value for the `get_harmonise_spline` parameter in `harmonise`.
>   The function takes the same arguments as `get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline` and additionally a
>   `power` argument.
> + The `power` argument can be passed to the function using
>   `functools.partial(get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline, power=2)`
> + An example use-case is added to the `getting-started-tutorial`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Included support for polynomial-decay (adds to the existing cosine-decay)
+ Added new features to [convergence][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence]
  + [PolynomialDecaySplineHelper][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.PolynomialDecaySplineHelper]
  + [PolynomialDecaySplineHelperDerivative][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.PolynomialDecaySplineHelperDerivative]
  + [get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline]
+ The function [get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline] is an adapter between the underlying classes and the interface required for the `get_harmonise_spline` parameter in [harmonise][gradient_aware_harmonisation.harmonise].
  The function takes the same arguments as [get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline] and an additional
  `power` argument. The `power` argument can be 'pre-passed' to the function using [functools.partial](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#functools.partial) e.g. `harmonise(..., get_harmonise_spline=functools.partial(get_polynomial_decay_harmonised_spline, power=2)...)`
+ An example use-case is included in the [getting started tutorial][gradient-aware-harmonisation-getting-started].
```

Wow super thorough. I am normally much lazier than this when writing changelogs (especially given our current user base is us)

(nwtkia)

The CHANGELOG gets written in past tense. The reason is, when the user reads this, everything will have already been done.

I don't know why, but we use capitals for the start of each dot point.

(hwtatb)

The `[][]` syntax allows you to do cross-references, which means that readers of the CHANGELOG can click and be taken straight to the module/code that is being discussed.
